readme.md, before:

# Monkees Bandpage app
 
![alt text](http://www.clker.com/cliparts/a/b/8/0/14713926381211565150the-monkees-logo.thumb.png "The Monkees Logo")


## Overview

This is a bandpage for popular 60's band, the Monkees

### What function does it serve?

This app will allow the user to view the bands media, view show dates, contact the band for quotes regarding their availability for guest appearances at weddings, Christmas parties etc.

## Feature overview

### Existing Features

- A basic homepage
- A basic looking (as yet) photo page
- A basic about page

### Features Left to Implement

- On the about page, create interactivity so the user can click a member's photo and view their bio on mid to large screens
- Contact form and validation
- Create show/dates page
- Add a facts section to the homepage
- Create the music page adding music and video both from the assets and externaly.

## What technology are we using

### we are using the following technology:
- [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)
    - I'm currently using **AngularJS** for page routing
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
    - I'm using **Bootstrap** for my initial layout
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
    - I'm using **npm** to manage dependencies
- [jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/)
    - I'm using **Jasmine** to conveniently test my code
- [bower](https://bower.io/)
    - I've used **Bower** to easily install most of the above

	
## Would you like to contribute?

### To get this all up and running..
1. Clone this repository: run the ```git clone <project's Github URL>``` command
2. Install **npm** and **bower** 
  1. Get **npm** [here](https://nodejs.org/en/)
  2. Then install bower:
     `npm install -g bower # this may require sudo on Mac/Linux`
3. Then install the dependencies in *package.json* and *bower.json*
  ```
  npm install
 
  bower install
  ```
4. Then use npm to install **http-server** : ```npm install -g http-server # May require sudo on Mac/Linux```
5. Type and run ```http-server -c-1``` in the console
6. You should now be able to reach the app at [localhost](http://127.0.0.1:8080)
7. Submit a pull request when you added some improvements!
For any questions, you can reach me at danieldeiana84@gmail.com

Commit message:

Created contact form with validation and general touches

readme.md, after:

# Monkees Bandpage app
 
![alt text](http://www.clker.com/cliparts/a/b/8/0/14713926381211565150the-monkees-logo.thumb.png "The Monkees Logo")


## Overview

This is a bandpage for popular 60's band, the Monkees

### What function does it serve?

This app will allow the user to view the bands media, view show dates, contact the band for quotes regarding their availability for guest appearances at weddings, Christmas parties etc.

## Feature overview

### Existing Features

- A homepage (more content required)
- A photo page
- An about page
- A music page
- Created contact form and validation 

### Features Left to Implement

- On the about page, create interactivity so the user can click a member's photo and view their bio on mid to large screens
- Include social media links (on the homepage and footer?)
- Create show/dates page
- Add a facts section to the homepage
- Create a footer with copyright info, social media links etc

## What technology are we using

### we are using the following technology:
- [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)
    - I'm currently using **AngularJS** for page routing
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
    - I'm using **Bootstrap** for my initial layout
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
    - I'm using **npm** to manage dependencies
- [jasmine](https://jasmine.github.io/)
    - I'm using **Jasmine** to conveniently test my code
- [bower](https://bower.io/)
    - I've used **Bower** to easily install most of the above

	
## Would you like to contribute?

### To get this all up and running..
1. Clone this repository: run the ```git clone <project's Github URL>``` command
2. Install **npm** and **bower** 
  1. Get **npm** [here](https://nodejs.org/en/)
  2. Then install bower:
     `npm install -g bower # this may require sudo on Mac/Linux`
3. Then install the dependencies in *package.json* and *bower.json*
  ```
  npm install
 
  bower install
  ```
4. Then use npm to install **http-server** : ```npm install -g http-server # May require sudo on Mac/Linux```
5. Type and run ```http-server -c-1``` in the console
6. You should now be able to reach the app at [localhost](http://127.0.0.1:8080)
7. Submit a pull request when you added some improvements!
For any questions, you can reach me at danieldeiana84@gmail.com
